README.md, before:

Sidekiq Dashboard
---

Standalone application for the [Sidekiq][2] dashboard

---


## Deploy on Heroku

[![Heroku Deploy](https://www.herokucdn.com/deploy/button.svg)](https://heroku.com/deploy?template=https://github.com/honeypotio/sidekiq_dashboard)

Local development
-----------------
To start it locally, use `bundle exec rackup`

### Rinning with docker

```
docker build -t sidekiq_dashboard .
docker run \
  -p 3000:8080 \
  -e REDIS_URL="redis://some.host.name:6379" \
  -e PASSWORD=T0pS3cret \
  sidekiq_dashboard
```

Deploying on GKE
----------------
Current k8s.yaml file assumes that it is
deployed to a cluster having helm on it with
[cert-manager][] + a `letsencryp-prod` issuer
configured for generating the ssl certificate.

Configuration is being done through a [configmap][]
with the name `sidekiq-dashboard`

Example command for creating the configuration:
```
kubectl create configmap sidekiq-dashboard \
  --from-literal staging-projectname-user=admin \
  --from-literal staging-projectname-password=admin
  --from-literal staging-projectname-redis_url=redis://10.0.1.1:6379
```

### Continuous Deployment

Deployment done through [CI](/.circleci/config.yml) everything on
maser is being built and deployed as "staging"
and all git tags (v.X.x.x) on the repo are deployed as "production"

License
-------

Copyright © 2016 [Honeypot GmbH][1]. It is free software, and may be
redistributed under the terms specified in the [LICENSE](/LICENSE) file.

About Honeypot
--------------

[![Honeypot](https://www.honeypot.io/logo.png)][1]

Honeypot is a developer focused job platform.
The names and logos for Honeypot are trademarks of Honeypot GmbH.

[1]: https://www.honeypot.io?utm_source=github
[2]: http://sidekiq.org
[cert-manager]: https://cert-manager.readthedocs.io/en/latest/
[configmap]: https://cloud.google.com/kubernetes-engine/docs/concepts/configmap

Commit message:

Improve readme with deployment details

README.md, after:

Sidekiq Dashboard
---

Standalone application for the [Sidekiq][2] dashboard

---


## Deploy on Heroku

[![Heroku Deploy](https://www.herokucdn.com/deploy/button.svg)](https://heroku.com/deploy?template=https://github.com/honeypotio/sidekiq_dashboard)

Local development
-----------------
To start it locally, use `bundle exec rackup`

### Rinning with docker

```
docker build -t sidekiq_dashboard .
docker run \
  -p 3000:8080 \
  -e REDIS_URL="redis://some.host.name:6379" \
  -e PASSWORD=T0pS3cret \
  sidekiq_dashboard
```

Deploying on GKE
----------------
Current k8s.yaml file assumes that it is
deployed to a cluster having helm on it with
[cert-manager][] + a `letsencryp-prod` issuer
configured for generating the ssl certificate.

Configuration is being done through a [configmap][]
with the name `sidekiq-dashboard`

Example command for creating the configuration:
```
kubectl create configmap sidekiq-dashboard \
  --from-literal staging-projectname-user=admin \
  --from-literal staging-projectname-password=admin
  --from-literal staging-projectname-redis_url=redis://10.0.1.1:6379
```

In case you are connecting to GCE Memorystore redis make sure
to [configure custom ip tables][3] for your redis istance reserved IP ranges

```
git clone https://github.com/bowei/k8s-custom-iptables.git
cd k8s-custom-iptables/
TARGETS="10.0.0.0/29 10.0.0.8/29" ./install.sh
cd ..
```

### Continuous Deployment

Deployment done through [CI](/.circleci/config.yml) everything on
maser is being built and deployed as "staging"
and all git tags (v.X.x.x) on the repo are deployed as "production"

Example production deployment: `git tag v1.1.1 && git push origin v1.1.1`



License
-------

Copyright © 2016 [Honeypot GmbH][1]. It is free software, and may be
redistributed under the terms specified in the [LICENSE](/LICENSE) file.

About Honeypot
--------------

[![Honeypot](https://www.honeypot.io/logo.png)][1]

Honeypot is a developer focused job platform.
The names and logos for Honeypot are trademarks of Honeypot GmbH.

[1]: https://www.honeypot.io?utm_source=github
[2]: http://sidekiq.org
[3]: https://cloud.google.com/memorystore/docs/redis/connect-redis-instance-gke
[cert-manager]: https://cert-manager.readthedocs.io/en/latest/
[configmap]: https://cloud.google.com/kubernetes-engine/docs/concepts/configmap
